Updated PhysX Wind Provider topic. Updated steps moved/replaced images. (#1473)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/interactivity/physics/nvidia-physx/configuring/configuration-global.md

## Wind configuration 

> The following table describes the settings for **Wind Configuration**. See [Create Wind Forces](/docs/learning-guide/tutorials/physx/wind-provider) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the settings for **Wind Configuration**. For more information, refer to [Create Wind Forces](/docs/learning-guide/tutorials/physx/wind-provider).
```
